pages/2024/content.md, before:

# 3nd Annual Compiler Frontiers Workshop (2024)

*Held in conjunction with the* [21th ACM International Conference on Computing Frontiers](https://www.computingfrontiers.org/2024/)

As architectures grow in complexity and power/performance requirements evolve
far beyond what traditional data center environments offer, advances in compiler
technology are paramount to enable the construction of performant,
power-efficient, and resilient application payloads. The ability to build
programming model support, compilers, optimizers, and associated tooling for
advanced architectures is now at the forefront of computer science and computer
architecture research. This workshop seeks to bring together researchers and
experts from industry and academia to present the latest advances in Compilers
for Computing Frontiers.


<!--
# Program

May 10, 2024 (all times are CEST)

<table>
    <tr>
        <td align="left"><br/> 15:15-15:40 </td>
        <td align="left"><b>Invited talk</b> <br/> 
        Application-Level Architecture Design  <br/>
        <i>John Leidel</i> 
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td align="left"><br/> 15:40-16:05 <br/><br/><br/> 16:05-16:30</td>
        <td align="left"><b>Paper Session</b> <br/>
        Clever DAE: Compiler Optimizations for Digital Twins at Scale <br/> 
        <i>Michele Scuttari, Nicola Camillucci, Daniele Cattaneo, Giovanni Agosta, Francesco Casella, Stefano Cherubin and Federico Terraneo</i> <br/><br/>
        Compiler-Injected SIHFT for Embedded Operating Systems <br/>
        <i>Davide Baroffio and Federico Reghenzani</i> 
        <br/>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>
-->

# Organizers

* *Joseph Manzano* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
* *Jose Monsalve Diaz* - Argonne National Laboratory
* *Nicolas Bohm Agostini* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Northeastern University

# Program Co-Chairs

* TBD

# Technical Program Committee

<!-- * *Kristian Rietveld* - Leiden University -->
* TBD
* *Serena Curzel* - Politecnico di Milano
* *Jose Monsalve Diaz* - Argonne National Laboratory
* *Joseph Manzano* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
* *Nicolas Bohm Agostini* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Northeastern University
* *Antonino Tumeo* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory

# Steering Committee

* *David Donofrio* - Tactical Computing Laboratories
* *John Leidel* - Tactical Computing Laboratories

# Contact Information

* *Nicolas Bohm Agostini* – nicolas [dot] agostini [at] pnnl [dot] gov

Commit message:

Update introduction content with physical systems info

pages/2024/content.md, after:

# 3nd Annual Compiler Frontiers Workshop (2024)

*Held in conjunction with the* [21th ACM International Conference on Computing Frontiers](https://www.computingfrontiers.org/2024/)

As architectures grow in complexity and power/performance requirements evolve
far beyond what traditional data center environments offer, advances in compiler
technology are paramount to enable the construction of performant,
power-efficient, and resilient application payloads.  In this era of expanding
architectural possibilities, this workshop seeks new research in compilers
tailored for traditional architectures but also for the unique challenges posed
by physical computing systems, where a system of differential equations
describes their temporal evolution.  In addition to compiler technologies
enabling new features (co-processors, accelerated instructions, tensor memory
architecture engines, etc.) in traditional architectures (CPUs, GPUs, CGRAs,
FPGAs), this year, in CFW, we seek to explore new compilation techniques for the
intricacies inherent in emerging computing paradigms such as analog computing,
neuromorphic computing, near and in-memory processing, chemical reaction
networks, among others. Expanding the discussion to creative solutions when
compiling for physical computing systems.  This workshop serves as a gathering
ground for researchers and experts from both industry and academia, fostering
the presentation and exploration of the latest advances in Compilers for
Computing Frontiers.


<!--
# Program

May 10, 2024 (all times are CEST)

<table>
    <tr>
        <td align="left"><br/> 15:15-15:40 </td>
        <td align="left"><b>Invited talk</b> <br/> 
        Application-Level Architecture Design  <br/>
        <i>John Leidel</i> 
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td align="left"><br/> 15:40-16:05 <br/><br/><br/> 16:05-16:30</td>
        <td align="left"><b>Paper Session</b> <br/>
        Clever DAE: Compiler Optimizations for Digital Twins at Scale <br/> 
        <i>Michele Scuttari, Nicola Camillucci, Daniele Cattaneo, Giovanni Agosta, Francesco Casella, Stefano Cherubin and Federico Terraneo</i> <br/><br/>
        Compiler-Injected SIHFT for Embedded Operating Systems <br/>
        <i>Davide Baroffio and Federico Reghenzani</i> 
        <br/>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>
-->

# Organizers

* *Joseph Manzano* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
* *Jose Monsalve Diaz* - Argonne National Laboratory
* *Nicolas Bohm Agostini* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Northeastern University

# Program

* EJ Park
<!-- Academic/MLIR -->

# Technical Program Committee

<!-- * *Kristian Rietveld* - Leiden University -->
* TBD
* *Serena Curzel* - Politecnico di Milano
* *Jose Monsalve Diaz* - Argonne National Laboratory
* *Joseph Manzano* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
* *Nicolas Bohm Agostini* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Northeastern University
* *Antonino Tumeo* - Pacific Northwest National Laboratory

# Steering Committee

* *David Donofrio* - Tactical Computing Laboratories
* *John Leidel* - Tactical Computing Laboratories

# Contact Information

* *Nicolas Bohm Agostini* – nicolas [dot] agostini [at] pnnl [dot] gov
